USER – RETURN AND REFUND POLICY
We thank you and appreciate your purchase with us. Please read the policy, conditions, and process carefully as they will give you important information and guidelines about your rights and obligations as our customer, concerning any purchase you make through us unless specifically stated otherwise on our product pages or readers offer advertisements. We make every effort to service the order/s placed with us as per the specifications and timelines mentioned against each product. If due to any reason, unavoidable circumstances or beyond the limitations of the vendors the order is being returned and refunded then the following policy shall govern such return.
In the event that the product/s purchased is/are damaged, it/they can be returned within 02 days from the date of delivery, the same shall be processed only if your request for refund has been accepted by us. The product/s can be returned by intimating us coupled with an approval from the vendor. In all such situations, the money paid for purchasing the product/s shall be fully refunded to the Customer. Refund money shall be transferred to the account of the Customer within 30 days after intimating to us about the intention to return and gaining the approval of the vendor for such a return.  No claims for refund will be entertained in the event that the said product/s is/are returned with a malicious intent or with an intention to defraud. Also, the product has to be returned in the same condition it was delivered. In case the product is found in a condition different than it was sold to the customer, the product shall not be returned.
The product/s purchased can also be exchanged within 15 days of the delivery and logistics charges shall be applicable in such cases, given that such an exchange is allowed by the vendor.
In the event the refund is refused by the vendor, we shall not be held liable or accountable to the Customer as we ensure to try and do everything in our power to guarantee that the refund is provided.
 
VENDOR RETURN AND REFUND POLICY
We thank you and appreciate your act of purchasing our subscription. Please read the policy, conditions and process carefully as they will give you important information and guidelines about your rights and obligations as our subscriber (“Vendor”), concerning the subscription you purchase from us.
In the event that you intend to waive off your subscription, it can be done within 07 days from the purchase date. In such situations, the money paid for purchasing the subscription shall be fully refunded to the Vendor. However, if you intend to waive off your subscription after 07 days of purchasing the subscription but within 15 days of the purchase, you shall only be entitled to receive 30% of the amount spent on purchasing such subscription. After 15 days of purchasing the subscription, requests for waiving off the subscription shall not be approved and also, no claims for refund shall be entertained at any cost.
Refund money shall be transferred to the A/c of the Vendor within 25 days of intimating us about the intention to waive off the purchased subscription. We strive to try and do everything in our power to guarantee that the refund is provided within the aforementioned time period.
